they tour I'm not to Tora this is a
video of my xbox 360 rapid fire
controller like working during the game
there's only four people in here it's me
asd ballin 23 kashi 905 and XX dome him
XX right now my records 291 and 226 so
I'm just basically showing that my rapid
fire controller does work and I'm not
speed anything up so cuz some fag on
YouTube was like I just spending up in
Windows Movie Maker wherever so
we give a little overview my control
early fast
there's the button
so
you're here we go
yeah Larry recon compos that's a 14
inches and so does a SE and Sons
kakashi's and dome Kim has like a 23
inch he said
okay awkward duckling school Hayes's
video but he's playing for kakashi so
well um I guess that's pretty much my
video i'm just showing i'm just showing
it off since i got
so well it's pretty much my video so if
you have any questions if you want one
add me on xbox or YouTube and I'll give
you all my information so that so leave
comment subscribe do it every 12 so
thanks for watching